when David spoke to the Lord the words
when David spoke to the Lord the words of this son
of this son
of this son on the day when the Lord had delivered
on the day when the Lord had delivered
on the day when the Lord had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and
him from the hand of all his enemies and
him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of soul the Lord is my
from the hand of soul the Lord is my
from the hand of soul the Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer
rock and my fortress and my deliverer
rock and my fortress and my deliverer the god of my strength in whom I will
the god of my strength in whom I will
the god of my strength in whom I will trust my shield and the Horn of my
trust my shield and the Horn of my
trust my shield and the Horn of my salvation my stronghold and my refuge my
salvation my stronghold and my refuge my
salvation my stronghold and my refuge my Savior you saved me from violence I will
Savior you saved me from violence I will
Savior you saved me from violence I will call upon the Lord who is worthy to be
call upon the Lord who is worthy to be
call upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised so shall I be saved from my
praised so shall I be saved from my
praised so shall I be saved from my enemies when the waves of death
enemies when the waves of death
enemies when the waves of death surrounded me the floods of ungodliness
surrounded me the floods of ungodliness
surrounded me the floods of ungodliness made me afraid The Sorrows of Sheol
made me afraid The Sorrows of Sheol
made me afraid The Sorrows of Sheol surrounded me the snares of death
surrounded me the snares of death
surrounded me the snares of death confronted me in my distress I called
confronted me in my distress I called
confronted me in my distress I called upon the Lord and cried out to my god he
upon the Lord and cried out to my god he
upon the Lord and cried out to my god he heard my voice from his temple and my
heard my voice from his temple and my
heard my voice from his temple and my cry entered his ears then the earth
cry entered his ears then the earth
cry entered his ears then the earth shook and trembled the foundations of
shook and trembled the foundations of
shook and trembled the foundations of heaven quaked and were shaken because he
heaven quaked and were shaken because he
heaven quaked and were shaken because he was angry smoke went up from his
was angry smoke went up from his
was angry smoke went up from his nostrils and devouring fire from his
nostrils and devouring fire from his
nostrils and devouring fire from his mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed
mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed
mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed the heavens also and came down with
the heavens also and came down with
the heavens also and came down with darkness under his feet he rode upon a
darkness under his feet he rode upon a
darkness under his feet he rode upon a cherub and flew and he was seen upon the
cherub and flew and he was seen upon the
cherub and flew and he was seen upon the wings of the wind
wings of the wind
wings of the wind he made darkness canopies around him to
he made darkness canopies around him to
he made darkness canopies around him to hurt waters and thick clouds of the
hurt waters and thick clouds of the
hurt waters and thick clouds of the skies from the brightness before him
skies from the brightness before him
skies from the brightness before him coals of fire were kindled the Lord
coals of fire were kindled the Lord
coals of fire were kindled the Lord thundered from heaven and the most high
thundered from heaven and the most high
thundered from heaven and the most high uttered his voice he sent out arrows and
uttered his voice he sent out arrows and
uttered his voice he sent out arrows and scattered them lightning bolts and he
scattered them lightning bolts and he
scattered them lightning bolts and he vanquished them then the channels of the
vanquished them then the channels of the
vanquished them then the channels of the sea were seen the foundations of the
sea were seen the foundations of the
sea were seen the foundations of the world were uncovered
world were uncovered
world were uncovered at the rebuke of the Lord at the blast
at the rebuke of the Lord at the blast
at the rebuke of the Lord at the blast of the breath of his nostrils he sent
of the breath of his nostrils he sent
of the breath of his nostrils he sent from above he took me he drew me out of
from above he took me he drew me out of
from above he took me he drew me out of many waters he delivered me from my
many waters he delivered me from my
many waters he delivered me from my strong enemy from those who hated me for
strong enemy from those who hated me for
strong enemy from those who hated me for they were too strong for me they
they were too strong for me they
they were too strong for me they confronted me in the day of my calamity
confronted me in the day of my calamity
confronted me in the day of my calamity but the Lord was my support he also
but the Lord was my support he also
but the Lord was my support he also brought me out into a broad place he
brought me out into a broad place he
brought me out into a broad place he delivered me because he delighted in me
delivered me because he delighted in me
delivered me because he delighted in me the Lord rewarded me according to my
the Lord rewarded me according to my
the Lord rewarded me according to my righteousness according to the cleanness
righteousness according to the cleanness
righteousness according to the cleanness of my hands
of my hands
of my hands he has recommenced me for I have kept
he has recommenced me for I have kept
he has recommenced me for I have kept the ways of the Lord and have not
the ways of the Lord and have not
the ways of the Lord and have not wickedly departed from my god for all
wickedly departed from my god for all
wickedly departed from my god for all his judgments were before me and as for
his judgments were before me and as for
his judgments were before me and as for his statutes I did not depart from them
his statutes I did not depart from them
his statutes I did not depart from them I was also blameless before him and I
I was also blameless before him and I
I was also blameless before him and I kept myself my iniquity therefore the
kept myself my iniquity therefore the
kept myself my iniquity therefore the Lord has recompense me according to my
Lord has recompense me according to my
Lord has recompense me according to my righteousness according to my cleanness
righteousness according to my cleanness
righteousness according to my cleanness in his eyes with the merciful you will
in his eyes with the merciful you will
in his eyes with the merciful you will show yourself merciful with a blameless
show yourself merciful with a blameless
show yourself merciful with a blameless man you will show yourself blameless
man you will show yourself blameless
man you will show yourself blameless with the pure you will show yourself
with the pure you will show yourself
with the pure you will show yourself pure and let the devious you will show
pure and let the devious you will show
pure and let the devious you will show yourself
yourself
yourself shrewd you will save the humble people
shrewd you will save the humble people
shrewd you will save the humble people but your eyes are on the haughty that
but your eyes are on the haughty that
but your eyes are on the haughty that you may bring them down for you are my
you may bring them down for you are my
you may bring them down for you are my lamp Oh Lord the Lord shall enlighten my
lamp Oh Lord the Lord shall enlighten my
lamp Oh Lord the Lord shall enlighten my darkness for by you
darkness for by you
darkness for by you I can run against a troop by my god I
I can run against a troop by my god I
I can run against a troop by my god I can leap over a wall as for God his way
can leap over a wall as for God his way
can leap over a wall as for God his way is perfect
is perfect
is perfect the word of the Lord is proven he is a
the word of the Lord is proven he is a
the word of the Lord is proven he is a shield to all who trust in him
shield to all who trust in him
shield to all who trust in him for who is God except the Lord and who
for who is God except the Lord and who
for who is God except the Lord and who is a rock
is a rock
is a rock except our God God is my strength and
except our God God is my strength and
except our God God is my strength and power and he makes my way perfect he
power and he makes my way perfect he
power and he makes my way perfect he makes my feet like the feet of deer and
makes my feet like the feet of deer and
makes my feet like the feet of deer and sets me on high places
sets me on high places
sets me on high places he teaches my hands to make war so that
he teaches my hands to make war so that
he teaches my hands to make war so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze you
my arms can bend a bow of bronze you
my arms can bend a bow of bronze you have also given me the shield of your
have also given me the shield of your
have also given me the shield of your salvation your gentleness has made me
salvation your gentleness has made me
salvation your gentleness has made me great you enlarge my path under me
great you enlarge my path under me
great you enlarge my path under me so my feet did not slip I have pursued
so my feet did not slip I have pursued
so my feet did not slip I have pursued my enemies and destroyed them
my enemies and destroyed them
my enemies and destroyed them neither did I turn back again till they
neither did I turn back again till they
neither did I turn back again till they were destroyed and I have destroyed them
were destroyed and I have destroyed them
were destroyed and I have destroyed them and wounded them so that they could not
and wounded them so that they could not
and wounded them so that they could not rise they have fallen under my feet for
rise they have fallen under my feet for
rise they have fallen under my feet for you have armed me with strength for the
you have armed me with strength for the
you have armed me with strength for the battle you have subdued under me those
battle you have subdued under me those
battle you have subdued under me those who rose against me you have also given
who rose against me you have also given
who rose against me you have also given me the necks of my enemies so that I
me the necks of my enemies so that I
me the necks of my enemies so that I destroyed those who hated me they looked
destroyed those who hated me they looked
destroyed those who hated me they looked but there was none to save even to the
but there was none to save even to the
but there was none to save even to the Lord but he did not answer them then I
Lord but he did not answer them then I
Lord but he did not answer them then I beat them as fine as the dust of the
beat them as fine as the dust of the
beat them as fine as the dust of the earth I trod them like dirt in the
earth I trod them like dirt in the
earth I trod them like dirt in the streets and I spread them out you have
streets and I spread them out you have
streets and I spread them out you have also delivered me from the strivings of
also delivered me from the strivings of
also delivered me from the strivings of my people you have kept me as the head
my people you have kept me as the head
my people you have kept me as the head of the nations our people I have not
of the nations our people I have not
of the nations our people I have not known shall serve me the foreigners
known shall serve me the foreigners
known shall serve me the foreigners submit to me
submit to me
submit to me as soon as they hear they obey me the
as soon as they hear they obey me the
as soon as they hear they obey me the foreigners fade away and come frightened
foreigners fade away and come frightened
foreigners fade away and come frightened from their hideouts the Lord lives
from their hideouts the Lord lives
from their hideouts the Lord lives blessed be my rock let God be exalted
blessed be my rock let God be exalted
blessed be my rock let God be exalted the rock of my salvation it is God who
the rock of my salvation it is God who
the rock of my salvation it is God who avenges me and subdues the peoples under
avenges me and subdues the peoples under
avenges me and subdues the peoples under me he delivers me from my enemies you
me he delivers me from my enemies you
me he delivers me from my enemies you also lift me up above those who rise
also lift me up above those who rise
also lift me up above those who rise against me you have delivered me from
against me you have delivered me from
against me you have delivered me from the violent man therefore I will give
the violent man therefore I will give
the violent man therefore I will give thanks to you or Lord among the Gentiles
thanks to you or Lord among the Gentiles
thanks to you or Lord among the Gentiles and sing praises to your name
and sing praises to your name
and sing praises to your name he is the tower of salvation to his king
he is the tower of salvation to his king
he is the tower of salvation to his king and shows mercy to his anointed to David
and shows mercy to his anointed to David
and shows mercy to his anointed to David and his descendants forever more